# Coffee-Machine-Project
About What can be better than a cup of coffee during a break? A coffee that you don’t have to make yourself. It’s enough to press a couple of buttons on the machine and you get a cup of energy; but first, we should teach the machine how to do it. In this project, you will work on programming a coffee machine simulator. The machine works with typical products: coffee, milk, sugar, and plastic cups; if it runs out of something, it shows a notification. You can get three types of coffee: espresso, cappuccino and latte. Since nothing’s for free, it also collects the money. Learning outcomes This project allows you to get a taste of Java. Practice working with classes, challenge yourself with loops and conditions, and get more confident in Java. This project is a part of the following track Java Developer What you’ll do and what you’ll learn Write a program that puts basic information on the screen: give the machine a chance to tell the customers what it’s doing! Introduction to Java 5 Basic literals 5 Overview of the basic program 5 Printing data 5 Stage implementation Program the machine to calculate the amount of ingredients it needs depending on how many people want some coffee. Working with conditions, program the machine to estimate how many creamy coffees it can make based on the amount of ingredients we enter. Upgrade your knowledge of methods - set the machine to perform three basic actions: collect the money, renew the supplies, and serve the coffee. Program the machine to display on the screen the amount of supplies left. Set the main loop: now the menu keeps updating until you enter “exit”. Time for some final touch-ups: structure the code so that it runs smoothly.
